---
layout: post
title:  "hi mom!"
date:   2004-04-01 01:54:24 -0400
music: radiohead - kid a

icon: usericon1
---

Sooooooo...

mom found my journal and gave me shit about it, as though I was even drinking at Kelly's party! She won't even admit that she read it, but why else would she grill me about last weekend? Whatever, she doesn't know how to use the internet, so I just started this journal here. Ugh I can't stand the word "blog," who even says that? Also figured out how to set up a webcam so I can keep an eye on my room. Well, I can keep an eye on it from the computers in the library when I'm in there for break. I still haven't figured out how to make it record. Do you need a url for that?

I'm so done with tennis. G is such an asshole and made us run in the mud for an hour yesterday. He doesn't even really know how to play so he just makes us do drills, what a waste. S offered to give me a ride after practice but then gave me a hard time about mud in her car. Why were we even friends? Just because we live near each other? I just want it to be summer and only play for fun. School is miserable enough without sticking around for an hour extra every other day.

This week's assignment for English is ok, I think I'll probably like Huckleberry Finn, but I don't even want to think about the AP exam. It's not fun to read when we just end up having to write some bullshit essay. It's not even like we get to think about the books, we just have to use the right format. Mark Twain would probably just quit if somebody told him he had to have 3 body paragraphs and a good conclusion.
